yo guys it's made against mine if
another pretty cold shoulder okay now
today I'm showing you guys some basics
because i just noticed that almost
fightin only five percent of video
makers music video amazed actually know
how to make i should know how to edit
with after effects so here okay first
you start up architects and then
basically the first thing you need to do
is make a composition and hit ya new
composition okay so this is the preset
or everyone widescreen is like that I
just choose the custom 65536 five-block
aspect ratio is the frames per second
this house long you want it this is ten
seconds so that's minutes and that's
ours that's milliseconds I know what
that is and look look put it always to
resolution full and then press ok ok I
want to change it again go composition
settings and yeah okay now we want to
import image okay so yeah that file
import and this is file multiple files
yeah that's what this pulley based in
aid should I simple this that'll be too
long to be honest oh no way what
this on your importantly league away are
the two always lagging back that and
where the sweetest garrison focus okay
and then you want to drag it onto here
okay this is the view button just to see
how just to like you stuff and here this
is how to scaling up and down I'm not
going to go into too much debt with
everything so yeah that's basically all
that put it back to 115 i love you now
i'm showing you all these layers this is
a day for one just like to move it out
in the answer that just general movement
and this is good luck just to move the
camera party round shape like bit of
stuff yeah right this is your mother who
I was you have now this is titanic stuff
this is only useful camera stock like
Freddie objects and Michelle camera and
behind it's just where you want to go
main target like Adam away but not
really is it these are pretty cool is
like rectangle tools from Lasky and so
for that yeah and so these options this
is for my shoes it was not some nasty
truth now you can create any shape you
want and do what I do it's a monster and
hear really good when you go your mask
and have the Abo's options blast off
that's actual shape over ever between
the desert like out capacity amateur OMG
its interest that massive ever I'm going
to the play that's not
okay yeah that's the seven last I
Cassidy and the last expansion it's
basically just do it all that okay this
is the text tool just click on it and
the entire and these over text options
every one of the font color the size
cliff to halloween one thing yes having
just position at a one keyframe and got
here click on the position here and i'll
either right now we're cooking this one
expand another one okay this case it I
mean ask this is the clone stamp tool
you know that with photoshop and so that
really okay now here's a solid this is
how you create solid layer new solid and
they just basically teaching yourself
colors of that enemies or should also
you can create annex like FML good shape
learn some of that he is FX cool I
cannot go basically audio blown sharpens
my school players all the color
Corrections just scatter color and
stores on the distal to undo it
generates space around snachala we have
look in here mckean it's colored kyank
over here Maddie analysis using veins is
practically detail an obsolete it's
whitening and so that a cake realignment
of your perspective is just free like
spot lights and shadows and less
immolation is where everyone's just how
to create rain easy lang nice you know a
little bit yeah transitions there's all
effects and yeah and you thick heads and
just want duplicate control daily reach
under control Z in all these options and
this is how you this is how you think
random click on this and go composition
ad and to learn the cube maker center
rammed up yeah while you're learning
with your stupid chefs of something for
the Tuck case a lot by the run yeah